User api (#9)
datasektionen/sso: README.md

grep -r 'http.Handle''(' --no-filename . | sed 's/^\s\+//'
```

### API

An OpenID Connect provider is available at `/op`, (so the production configuration endpoint is at
`https://sso.datasektionen.se/op/.well-known/openid-configuration`). In addition to some standard
user info stuff, a relying party can request the claim `pls_SYSTEM` for some system, which will make
the returned claims have a key of the same name which is an array of strings which are the
permissions in [pls](https://github.com/datasektionen/pls) for the given system the user has.

`/legacyapi`: follows the same API as [login2](https://github.com/datasektionen/login).

#### Internal API

These are only reachable from other systems, on the domain name `sso.nomad.dsekt.internal`. This
means that you cannot call these from code that runs in the browser.

`GET /api/users`: Retrieves user information (email, first name, family name, year tag) by their

> usernames. The url query parameter `u`, which can be repeted, determines which users to retreive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usernames. The url query parameter `u`, which can be repeated, determines which users to retrieve.
```
